slafw/data/SL1/README.md, before:

# Tilt/Tower moving profiles

- set of all tilt/tower profiles
- values are copied to MC
- see `slafw/hardware/sl1/tilt_profiles.py:MovingProfilesTiltSL1` to get the
names of Tilt profiles
- see `slafw/hardware/sl1/tower_profiles.py:MovingProfilesTowerSL1` to get the
names of Tower profiles


# Exposure profile

- Is a set of tilt and tower parameters to manage layer peel movement.
- The values are stored in A64 for legacy reasons. Old projects are using
`expUserProfile` in `config.ini` file which defines one of the legacy exposure
profile (fast, slow or high viscosity). The new projects have all exposure
profile parameters in the `config.json` file.
- Exposure profile has the following parameters:
    - `area_fill` - former `HwConfig.limit4fast`. This parameter is the threshold
    for each layer.
    - `below_area_fill` - If the area of a particular layer is smaller than
    `area_fill`, and then `below_area_fill` parameters are used to determine
    the layer separation (tearing) procedure.
      - `delay_before_exposure_ms` - delay before exposure after previous layer
      separation
      - `delay_after_exposure_ms` - delay after exposure before layer separation
      - `tower_hop_height_nm` - the height of the tower raise
      - `tower_profile`: `layer` - tower profile used for tower raise
      - `use_tilt` - if `True` then tilt is used for layer separation.
      Otherwise, all the parameters below are ignored.
      - `tilt_down_initial_profile` - tilt profile used for an initial portion of
      tilt down move.
      - `tilt_down_offset_steps` - number of steps to move down from the
      calibrated (horizontal) position with `tilt_down_initial_profile`
      - `tilt_down_offset_delay_ms` - delay after the tilt reaches
      `tilt_down_offset_steps` position
      - `tilt_down_finish_profile` - tilt profile used for the rest of the tilt
      down move
      - `tilt_down_cycles` - number of cycles to split the rest of the tilt down
      move
      - `tilt_down_delay_ms` - the delay between tilt-down cycles
      - `tilt_up_initial_profile` - tilt profile used for an initial portion of
      tilt up move
      - `tilt_up_offset_steps` - move tilt up to calibrated (horizontal)
      position minus this offset.
      - `tilt_up_offset_delay_ms` - delay after the tilt reaches
      `tilt_up_offset_steps` position
      - `tilt_up_finish_profile` - tilt profile used for the rest of the tilt-up
      - `tilt_up_cycles` - number of cycles to split the rest of the tilt-up
      - `tilt_up_delay_ms` - the delay between tilt-up cycles
      - `moves_time_ms` - measured time of this layer separation procedure.
      This parameter will be deprecated and tilt times will be automatically
      calculated.
    - `above_area_fill` - If the area of a particular layer is
    greater than `area_fill`, then `above_area_fill` parameters are used to
    determine layer separation.
      - same parameters as `below_area_fill`

## Layer separation procedure

1. If `use_tilt` is set
   1. Set `tilt_down_initial_profile` see
   `slafw/hardware/sl1/tilt_profiles.py:MovingProfilesTiltSL1` for profile
   names.
   2. Move tilt to position `calibrated_position - tilt_down_offset_steps`.
   3. Wait `tilt_down_offset_delay_ms`.
   4. Set `tilt_down_finish_profile`.
   5. Split the rest of the tilt distance to X `tilt_down_cycles`.
   6. Wait `tilt_down_delay_ms` between `tilt_down_cycles`.
   7. Check if tilt is in the endstop ensuring no stalled steps. If a stall occurs,
   apply the tilt unstuck procedure.
2. If `tower_hop_height_nm` is greater than 0
   1. Set `tower_profile`.
   2. Raise the tower by `tower_hop_height_nm` distance.
3. If `tower_hop_height_nm` is 0
   1. Set `tower_profile` see
   `slafw/hardware/sl1/tower_profiles.py:MovingProfilesTowerSL1` for profile
   names.
   2. Raise the tower to position for the next layer.
4. If `use_tilt` is set
   1. Set `tilt_up_initial_profile`.
   2. Move tilt to position `calibrated_position - tilt_up_offset_steps`.
   3. Wait `tilt_up_offset_delay_ms`.
   4. Set `tilt_up_finish_profile`.
   5. Split the rest of the tilt distance to X `tilt_up_cycles`.
   6. Wait `tilt_up_delay_ms` between `tilt_up_cycles`.
5. If `tower_hop_height_nm` is greater than 0
   1. Lower tower to position for next layer.

Commit message:

Exposure profiles part two
Extend axis profiles
- All printer models now share same axis profiles.
- The names has been changed to reflect the actual speed.
- Both axis now utilizes max number (16) of profiles without changing the layout of EEPROM in MC.

Layer peel times calculation
The time spent by layer separation is now estimated (calculated)
instead of measuring them in calibration wizard. Those times
does not need to be manually passed to the Slicer anymore.
The downside is that estimation has error. Approx +- 3%.

New wait_to_stop() method
Both axis should use this method instead:
```
while axis.moving:
    sleep(XXX)
```
Due to tilt times calculations the sleep(0.1) in exposure._do_frame()
is quite significant to keep the sleep always the same.

Fixes
- in tank surface cleaner wizard and printer0.home_tilt()
- Calibration wizard did not display all the nessecary pages.
- actual_profile: always write the `actual_profile` profile into the MC.
- Changed stallguard of tower `layerXXX` profiles to ignore stepper stalls.
- Changed acceleration of axis profiles to propperly apply ramp movement.

Closes: SL1SW-1860

slafw/data/SL1/README.md, after:

# Tilt/Tower moving profiles

- set of all tilt/tower profiles
- these profiles are shared between all printer models SL1, SL1S and M1.
- values are copied to motion controller

## Tilt
- Profiles `homingFast` and `homingSlow` are used only for FW internal use. User
is not able to use there profiles in the exposure profile because, they are
sensitive for stallguard detection.
- Profiles `move120`, `move300`, `move5120`, and `move8000` are used in default
exposure profiles. User can use them in exposure profile, but since they have
lower torque (lower current fed to stepper motors), it's recommended to use them
only as tilt down finish profile or tilt up initial profile.
- Profiles `layer200`, `layer400`, `layer600`, etc. has higher torque (higher
current fed to stepper motors), so they may be used for any tilt up/down phase.
- The number in profile name describes the speed in usteps/s.
- see `slafw/hardware/sl1/tilt_profiles.py:MovingProfilesTiltSL1` to get the
names of Tilt profiles

## Tower
- Profiles `homingFast`, `homingSlow`, `moveFast`, `moveSlow` and `resinSensor`
are used only for FW internal use. User is not able to use there profiles in the 
exposure profile because, they are sensitive for stallguard detection.
- Profiles `layer1`, `layer2`, `layer3`, etc. has higher torque (higher
current fed to stepper motors), so they may be used for any tilt up/down phase.
- The number in profile name describes the speed in mm/s.
- see `slafw/hardware/sl1/tower_profiles.py:MovingProfilesTowerSL1` to get the
names of Tower profiles


# Exposure profile

- Is a set of tilt and tower parameters to manage layer peel movement.
- SL1S and M1 share the same exposure profiles. SL1 has its own set of profiles.
- The values are stored in A64 for legacy reasons. Old projects are using
`expUserProfile` in `config.ini` file which defines one of the legacy exposure
profile (fast, slow or high viscosity). The new projects have all exposure
profile parameters in the `config.json` file.
- Exposure profile has the following parameters:
    - `area_fill` - former `HwConfig.limit4fast`. This parameter is the threshold
    for each layer.
    - `below_area_fill` - If the area of a particular layer is smaller than
    `area_fill`, and then `below_area_fill` parameters are used to determine
    the layer separation (tearing) procedure.
      - `delay_before_exposure_ms` - delay before exposure after previous layer
      separation
      - `delay_after_exposure_ms` - delay after exposure before layer separation
      - `tower_hop_height_nm` - the height of the tower raise
      - `tower_profile`: `layer` - tower profile used for tower raise
      - `use_tilt` - if `True` then tilt is used for layer separation.
      Otherwise, all the parameters below are ignored.
      - `tilt_down_initial_profile` - tilt profile used for an initial portion of
      tilt down move.
      - `tilt_down_offset_steps` - number of steps to move down from the
      calibrated (horizontal) position with `tilt_down_initial_profile`
      - `tilt_down_offset_delay_ms` - delay after the tilt reaches
      `tilt_down_offset_steps` position
      - `tilt_down_finish_profile` - tilt profile used for the rest of the tilt
      down move
      - `tilt_down_cycles` - number of cycles to split the rest of the tilt down
      move
      - `tilt_down_delay_ms` - the delay between tilt-down cycles
      - `tilt_up_initial_profile` - tilt profile used for an initial portion of
      tilt up move
      - `tilt_up_offset_steps` - move tilt up to calibrated (horizontal)
      position minus this offset.
      - `tilt_up_offset_delay_ms` - delay after the tilt reaches
      `tilt_up_offset_steps` position
      - `tilt_up_finish_profile` - tilt profile used for the rest of the tilt-up
      - `tilt_up_cycles` - number of cycles to split the rest of the tilt-up
      - `tilt_up_delay_ms` - the delay between tilt-up cycles
      - `moves_time_ms` - measured time of this layer separation procedure.
      This parameter will be deprecated and tilt times will be automatically
      calculated.
    - `above_area_fill` - If the area of a particular layer is
    greater than `area_fill`, then `above_area_fill` parameters are used to
    determine layer separation.
      - same parameters as `below_area_fill`

## Layer separation procedure

1. If `use_tilt` is set
   1. Set `tilt_down_initial_profile` see
   `slafw/hardware/sl1/tilt_profiles.py:MovingProfilesTiltSL1` for profile
   names.
   2. Move tilt to position `calibrated_position - tilt_down_offset_steps`.
   3. Wait `tilt_down_offset_delay_ms`.
   4. Set `tilt_down_finish_profile`.
   5. Split the rest of the tilt distance to X `tilt_down_cycles`.
   6. Wait `tilt_down_delay_ms` between `tilt_down_cycles`.
   7. Check if tilt is in the endstop ensuring no stalled steps. If a stall occurs,
   apply the tilt unstuck procedure.
2. If `tower_hop_height_nm` is greater than 0
   1. Set `tower_profile`.
   2. Raise the tower by `tower_hop_height_nm` distance.
3. If `tower_hop_height_nm` is 0
   1. Set `tower_profile` see
   `slafw/hardware/sl1/tower_profiles.py:MovingProfilesTowerSL1` for profile
   names.
   2. Raise the tower to position for the next layer.
4. If `use_tilt` is set
   1. Set `tilt_up_initial_profile`.
   2. Move tilt to position `calibrated_position - tilt_up_offset_steps`.
   3. Wait `tilt_up_offset_delay_ms`.
   4. Set `tilt_up_finish_profile`.
   5. Split the rest of the tilt distance to X `tilt_up_cycles`.
   6. Wait `tilt_up_delay_ms` between `tilt_up_cycles`.
5. If `tower_hop_height_nm` is greater than 0
   1. Lower tower to position for next layer.
